That's the same phone as me :)
The whole process took just 2 hours. Honestly, it feels like I got a brand-new phone!
really good phone
Yeah, enjoy your new phone.
you a hoe...but yeah, phones are good
Worst phone ever I purchased
The best phone i ever used 🎉
Should I buy this phone ?
so can u suggest me a good phone
My friend own this phone and this phone is really the BESTTTT ...❤
Today I purchased this phone
best phone maza a gya
It's great phone... I bought it
Im going to buy this phone on my birthday
I own this phone
Sir please do a giveaway of this phone
If i want to buy this phone
Its not a best phone
The best phone I have to say😮
Nice phone 📱 I like it❤
Trakin tech big fan please give me this phone
Super duper mind blowing Mobile. features loaded under 25k 🔥🔥
I will buy this mobile definitely ❤🎉
I got my next smatphone
Good phone...great unboxing Sirji...the only tech expert I trust
One of the best lookig phone of 2024
So good smart phone very nice
Best phone Motorola❤
I am going to buy this phone for sure
very good phones but they should add one more feature i.e their own dialer which can do auto call recording with ssshhhhhhh.........
One phone that I am craving to buy ❤
Plz give me this phone
OMG fabulous smart phone
I'll love' this phone 🥰🥰🥰💫💫
I am also using this mobile it was a very good mobile economically
Worst Phone i have ever used
Best mobile ❤ this phone in my use
I got this phone at a great discount for straight talk a month ago. Free!! I was omw to the store to purchase it for 349.99 and I caught an early black Friday sale. 3 months of service and phone free. So I basically got it for 135 dollars. Great display, processor,camera software,overall phone is very good. Happy with the phone
I get this phone with charger it's very crisp and nice phone for what you pay for
I bought yesterday this phone looks good ❤ awesome
Can you gift me this phone
Worst decision I made that I buyed this phone
Mobile is in the budget catagory and the song says sky the limit 😂😂😅😅
Waste of money.. don't buy this phone  lot of problems are there
Same phone but my mother say  don't take risk 😂😂😂😂
Bettry life to good i love this phone
All most best' phone...❤❤❤❤
It's been 4 days i got this mobile
Killer mobile best ❤❤❤❤❤❤
Don't buy this phone 😢😮
I have also buy this phone good phone
Super mobile ❤ useing this mobile
already using this phone from 10 days
It's a good phone
Pls don't buy very worst mobile i am users 😢
This phone is an ultimate device at this price range
No it is a good phone 😍
No issue best phone best best best ❤
Best budget Mobile ..❤❤❤
Very good phone.. I'm using
I've used this phone for a month now and it's a solid 9/10 from my side. Unless and until you are a gamer this is the best phone in this segment.
What he is saying is bull shit . Most of the mobiles have same memeory
I Just Ordered this phone please don't do this to me
Phone comes with switched on👍🏼👏🏼
Great phone until u hit service center 😢
Iam using in mobile very good ❤❤
This phone is amazing
Worst phone ever i regret buying it
My new mobile coming soon
My new mobile coming soon ❤❤
Don't buy this mobile
best mobile i never see
Waiting for full review of this phone.
i want to buy a phone today
Should i buy this phone????
How much is this phone.
We'll if you're an iphone user but need a spare android phone, then this is the best phone imo !!
Finally you underrated the phone
I own it phone i suggest don,t buy
This phone very low build quality
This phone is great for people who love Stock like Android. 🙌
