Is there any whay that we can apply for beta
No info on deployment dates?
One of these days I'm gonna accidentally hit "update now", and it'll be all over...
Why do people continuously lose their minds about not receiving an android update (and security patches), and when they do receive an android update, they complain about very insignificant changes?
I understand y'all's frustration.  But, android updates do not matter anymore.  There will never be a revolution in android updates.  This is the best it will be.
Again, I understand being frustrated.  We have to accept that android updates will only offer very little improvements compared to its predecessor.  The fact is.. you're not receiving an update containing a UI that is similar to a more expensive phone
Quit worrying about these things, people.  Your life will dramatically improve, I promise this.  I had to stop worrying about it and I did.  I just accept that it is what it is and that the revolution is over.
Didn't get the update 😕
I have not received the update
What security patch is it?
Why is it 2.20 GB if it's just a security patch? It makes no sense. It's also V2.
Better SOC> longer android updates.
Software updates are becoming minor releases. No major changeovers.
How to apply for beta
Hi! I've already joined the beta program, accessed the app bit still hasnt got the update.
How can i avoid the updates
Hi u/MountainTale977. Thank you for sharing the news about the security update you received. We're thrilled to hear that it has finally arrived for you. We hope you find it beneficial. If you have any other questions or need assistance, we're here to help. -Carlos
Overall better or just an update for name sake?
For me the most important thing is the battery life, I don't want to update and be affected since you can't go back to a previous version.
Congratz! Still waiting on my update.
Updating the phone nowadays is like injecting the bugs and infection into it.. People are greedy and craving for updates I don't know why... When a device is working perfectly fine, and you aren't missing out a whole lot of things with the other version, then why mess around with it and invite bugs, degraded camera quality, green lines, heating, lagging, boot loop etc etc..... Never touch if it works. Or loose it. Brands are anyways making bad updates intentionally to damage previous models and to sell their new models...
The software updates sucks.
Is the update still scheduled or is it not coming?
I just got the update - should i do it? Any bugs anyone knows?
We got f man ... No updates nothing... Sad 30000 inr just wasted😵😵
New update: on It's just a matter of time before it reaches us.
I have one... and it got updated to Android 15...like 4 months ago... in fact, today I got the June security patch as part of the bimonthly security updates.
Can someone help me? For some reason mine is still on Android 13 saying there are no new updates.
Idk why are people on a hurry to get android/security updates...unless there is a major bug i dnt thnk we need to care so much....i used android 13 for almost 2 years no issue wt so ever
They only require 3 Android updates? I thought there were more
About the updates. I've got around 4 security updates till now and 1 major android update. So in that case I can say that they are rolling out updates on time (can't say anything about other models too).
I used one. Android auto wont work. Updates are slower than international version. No resell value. Wont try again.
3 year update
Upto when we will get security updates?
We won’t get updates …
1. Increase software updates rate
HOW MANY YEARS OF OS UPDATE AND SECURITY UPDATE THEY WERE GIVEN?
Not a update worth appraising
After update issues
They are still not uploaded
Software update kitne milenge?
What is update cycle
If they give good android updates it will be no.1
NOTE: Android Updates should be delivered to All the model's within 4 to 6 months of Official Android OS release from Google @google @googleindia and Security Updates every month without Fail
ALERT: Samsung @samsung @samsungindia is offering 4 Year's of Android Updates & 5 year's of security updates to their basic phone's (Samsung Galaxy F15 & M15)    --------------------------------------------------------------
Have you received any system updates yet?
Owner update:  only complaint i have is the unpolished software. Its plain. There are some areas where software look unfinished and software update is not frequent..
No updates thts the biggest problem
Software update and service center both sucks
Timely software update problems
Software updates and software optimisation
no update better  >>>>  buggy update
Updates are late but good
i purchased this on 20th july and just today got 2nd software update with august security patch, so yes 2 updates in within 30.days, so yeah good thing but I won't download this update, just dont wanna degrade the experience 😂
A good late update is more worthy than a bad update.
And I got the security update of 1 August 🙄😮‍💨
security update is of May really?
I purchased this device on June 29 and have been using this since then. I don't care if updates are delayed if the software has no issues. I have only received June security patch after I purchased this device. Their software and camera has really improved a lot. a lot more exclusive features have been added on their software. it has a slim form factor and premium feel.
Update: received August security path yesterday
