I have been using an Edge 40 for 2 years (curved display) and it has not given me any issues yet. It has survived some falls as well.
what are you on about? the only company making curved phones anymore is motorola with the edge line. dont like it dont buy. there is plenty of other options.
Hey just putting it randomly here. I'm thinking of buying the Edge 60 pro and while researching I saw many of you hate the curved display. As for me I've always wanted to buy a curved phone since S7 edge came out. So what are the problems that might occur using these displays? (Imagine I never drop my phone)
I have been waiting for another flat screen non-foldable phone from moto to consider upgrading, but some of you seem to really like the curve, I don't get it, but maybe someone can tell me why it is superior.
I really like the Motorola Edge+ 2023 it has a curved 165hz display. I haven't wanted to upgrade to the newer Edge models yet.
fr, except stylus all are curved, who tf is pitching these curved designs.😭🙏
waiting 3 months for a flat screen, still no luck
curved phones are AWESOME and you can't convince me otherwise. they're superior in every aspect. don't tell me about durability cuz they're still so sturdy
I don't understand what is their obsession with curved displays! They are very difficult not to break! They are not convenient in typing, in accurate video display as it warps at the edges and bends the picture, they have glare at the edges due to light, games are difficult to play when the options are at the curves, they are expensive to repair and replace, they are easily damages in just one side drop on the floor...
I love the curve! Period!
Thank God Samsung stopped doing aggressively curved phones, the only thing it does, - is makes harder to install screen protector.
im gonna sell my 50neo to get the 60neo if it comes with the curved display lel, flat is kinda boring tbh
Man I hate it, I've got the Edge 30 Ultra and I'd never get a phone with curved edges again, it's *incredibly* useless.
Don't buy curved display shit
So the protector is flat but the screen is curved?
I simply fall in love with Edge 40, smooth every day, 2 days of battery without any restriction, in my case I also love curved display.
Yes!! This is a case of loose fitting of ui!! I would suggest you to start hammering from the notch side....till the ui gets adjusted tightly without any gaps
Flat display
But my main priority is flat display
Curved display is the issue.
Curved display
Sir Pl let me know is it 3d curved or simple curved?
Flat display is better for curve display 😊😊😊😊😊
3. Curved
if it wil come in flat display, I would definitely buy it.
it got curved screen or not ???
Although curve screen looks nice and beautiful but very expensive also. My S21 ultra screen blacked out and at same it took me 33000 to replace it.
Y curved display na hota😓
Sir, you told everything about the phone but I am confused about one thing whether it is a curved display or not.🤔🤔🤔
They should stop forcing curved display on midrange premiums!
Need some more performance instead of curved display
I Het Curved Display Mobile Phones Under 35k Phone Dhundo To Only Curved Display Wala Mobile I Disappointed
If this had a flat screen I would buy it.😢
Why Motorola don't use flat display becoz curve display is risky 😢
I wish they would've made this a flat display phone
Display curved or wt
Curved display or flat display, please let me know
Does it has curv or flat display?
But why curve display i don't like curve display device 😭
Arun Sir please request Motorola to give the option of Flat display also because not everyone is fan of curved display..!
Flate display hota to it's very good phone
When Motorola come with flat display
I love the concept of Motorola but don't like curve display.. 😢😢
Curve display is a deal breaker for me😢
Don't prefer curve display that's a drawback for me to purchase this phone. Motorola should launch flat display mobile with same features and same price.
Remove curve display
In Present Time, There Is No Any Flat Display Smartphone Below 20,000 To 30,000 Rupees. This Is Really Bad For Me, Because I Hate Curved Display Smartphones.
Display curved he ky
+ Screen - has a curved display. Though the display is not extremely curved, probably 0.20-0.40 cm thick.
Curve display is not worth. Flat is needed
Curved display is a problem in selecting text from start of a line.Also due to curved screen , actual screen is very small. 6.7 inch is not good for curved screen.
The catch is the curved display. Stop the gimmick Motorola. This is beneath you
I really wanted it to be  a flat screen mobile 😢
looks like samsung is clearing the stock of curved displays in cheap
With flat display, this phone would be 🔥
why are they not launching flat display....not a fan of curve display
This is perfect phone but the only reason i am not gonna buy this because of the edge display I want flat display why they are giving edge display why?? 😭😭
Companies should also make phone in flat display as well in this price range
Edge 50 neo having flat or curved display
Curved display is a problem in selecting text from start of a line.Also due to curved screen , actual screen is very small. 6.7 inch is not good for curved screen.
Can i use the mobile holder for xbox controller on this phone? Will i face any issue bcos of its curved screen? I mean the holder might touch the edge screen right?
