I don't why but this SoT feature should be available on all moto devices irrespective to model& region.
AFAIK, Amazon is not an Authorised Store for Moto in India
Moto is just simple, no heavy skins and BS apps in it though...
And why would you need a volume button double click for camera - moto gestures with shaking and chopping are so good...
Wow, the back of the Moto One is very nice.
Just stay on iphone. U gonna regret it. Moto user here
Honestly no, don't do that switching from a flagship lvl phone to 'Moto' isn't really the best choice. The updates are awful and there are bugs that could actually ruin your entire experience of using the phone. Go for some other device. Save yourself and don't use Motorola.
You deserve neither samsung nor moto
Moto phones are generally clean with no extra apps and the ui is also good close to stock android
Though they offer great VFM, Moto phones are notoriously famous for having issues in long term usage.
It depends on the model line, the G series is most reliable, I have 4 Moto G, see my flair, they are all excellent to use, and build.
Moto had these problems since long time and it Just ruins the whole experience.
Welcome to the moto club
Moto's downfall started before reaching peak 🥲
Fuck whore company moto.
Buy Moto
I was actually hoping to get a moto for my next phone assuming it didn't have this issue, that's why I just joined this sub :) Apparently moto doesn't care about this either, it's so sad.
I wouldn't buy a Moto without Android 16 or Hello UI
very good phone. i am very big fan of SAMSUNG. but i love MOTO.
Moto is Mahindra of smartphones.........while lot features under budget. Build quality top notch 💪🏻❣️
Moto's phone = 🤡
Moto's ad=💀
I am using moto g52 past 2 year by your recommendation and I love it best phone in my life
Is there any feature in moto G62 5G that before switching off it requires Password ?
Don't buy moto phones my moto g62 got dead in 15 months and even service centre couldn't help it.15k wasted 😢
I am requesting you please this message that please produce brick design phones like nothing, samsung and apple. I big fan of moto also doing very good job. we moto lover also want boxy design very soon.. please pass msg to Moto if you have reach. thank you 🙏🙏
Don't buy Moto! It's an Israeli company.
MOTO is going HIGHHH...
Moto g34
Moto mobile good 🤳 but SAR value is so hi😢
Moto should do 2 things
Which phones is bttr overall in moto between
Moto moto moto moto .............
Worst smartphone moto only having online market zero offline market
moto phones are good .am using my 3rd moto phone.the only prb iam facing with moto is no timely security update no camera update no android update timely.still running in Android 13 for a brand new Mobile,they promised for 3 yrs of Android update but nothing came till.and customer support and service centres are really a myth.they just collaborate with local shops.
Slowly my family is shifting to moto 😂
In 2006 - 07 moto was a top brand with beautiful phones after so many years can say moto is really back with a bang
One time will come when moto will lead the indian market
Moto phone is not good phone
Moto is very bad phone company
Moto is good from past..
Moto always rock's ⚖️🎼🎼
Moto must work on service center network
Killer all brands best off best moto
Prevent buying Moto phones specially ones under 20k. The brand claims a lot about the phone features, like back in 2022 they made bold claims of "True 5g" and the don't even support 5g+ on those phones. The main reason you should not buy is the lack of security updates. Moto claims security updates for 3years and above, but they stop securtiy patch updates within 2 years.
Moto vs nothing 2a conparison
I have moto g 34 which I got in 11k only and when I ask someone to guess the price they say probably 15-16 k (I feel proud ) nobody has guessed the price accurately till now😂
Dont buy moto...ye phone sirf papers p hi ache h...reality m ghatiya h
Moto is great but they have major drawback when it comes to customer care
What about moto service centre?
Moto kill the market because all brand doing c** in cost cutting features
Respect how Moto is changing itself every month 🙌💯
I think moto is going to be a next Samsung
Moto will take place on third after apple and Samsung .....
Customer care of moto is 11th wonder of world
MOTO  😎😎😎
Moto is killing smartphone market 🔥🔥🔥
Moto should give IR blaster in the phones... The only missing feature in the phone...
Yess definitely I will buy this..... comment from moto g5s plus
Moto may be slaying the market with specs and price but over a long run the phones from MOTO are painful affairs
I'm currently using my moto g72 n I'm gono buy this beast 🔥 🏃😎 Motorola ❤
Moto is going for the kill this time.
As a moto fan this should have been on 7gen 3
who used moto phones are basically wants three Performance, Stock android experience and battery life these are thing moto users are look for
Moto is breaking record in every price segment ❤
absolutely moto doing great but motorola should have bring a smartphone with notification led or glyph light like other
They do launch good phone. But, don’t have dedicated Moto shop-app.
Else moto is rising
always facing lot of problems in moto mobiles i hate moto always, above video says top 5 in 1 year in sales lol not possible
Moto is 🔥 23k too good ❤
Moto 💩
I have been using a moto phone for about 6-7 months and they are doing amazing
moto is rocking !!🔥🔥
Now moto only needs to improve there customer support and services. Else everything is now perfect ❤
Lol Apple, Samsung and Pixel should learn from moto. I've seen people tolerating and sacrificing features just for the symbols and brands.
Really moto is doing great 👍
I think moto would release gaming centric phones too
The killer , the once mi note and realme number series is now overtaken by moto !!! 🔥🔥🔥
everything is okay until you have bought 3 moto phones and all have that speaker problem within 6 months 😏
New moto(lenovo)👎🤬
Moto is the powerfull phone ❤😊😊
Super phone for moto amazing unboxing
My 1st phone was Moto
Imagine you switch on your Moto, and it says, 'Hello Motto'  🙋‍♂️🤭😄
Moto on back to back fire 🔥🔥
Moto literally killing the competition 🔥
Moto is fire sach mai I am going to moto
Also For Moto :
Moto king the mobiles
Google pixel is dying and Moto is resurrecting.♥️
Moto g34, g54, Best value for money👌💯
Hello Moto Good explain 😍👌
I'm a moto Fan 😎 have g52 ❤
Never buy a Moto phone if you don't want to regret later.Never buy a Moto phone if you don't want to regret later.Never buy a Moto phone if you don't want to regret later.
Don't buy moto phone
sir please tell me  about moto care services
Moto making nice phone !! ❤
I am using 3 moto phones in my home and ther r all the best..next phone is also going to be hello moto
Every thing is temporary ❌ but moto add is permanent ✔️🤣
I love moto no chinna phone
Happy for the moto, looking for a battery monster Motorola mobile
Moto brightness les this person 😂😂😂
Moto fans assemble 🗿
The reason this comparison has made itself made moto underdog
Moto is really the father of all phones...
Love my Moto. I have it for a quarter of the price of Samsung
Moto the name of brand
are you paid by Moto? why you dimmed the S23 ?
According  lower  price the moto is winner than Samsung price
I wanna know the name of the fragrance that moto uses?
Please dont buy moto phones I bought a moto edge 40 neo for 22,000 rupees and now they are asking 29,000 to repair it's display
Moto G55 bether..😂❤❤😂🎉😅❤❤❤
Moto fiussion best camera❤❤❤❤
Moto is the winner 🏆
Im shooting nyt time decoration lights its output is impressive... thumbs up for MOTO
Thxxx I used it on my moto g75
When will moto 50 price will go as down the price .. still waiting currently 23 k ... any one have idea
Song : Photo ❌ Moto ✅
Moto g85 lovely 🌹🌹🌹😍
Moto a the best display
Moto more saturated. Samsung natural tone.  But eye beautiful picture moto
Moto do not focus properly
Moto justify the price
Moto ne to ekdm se hag diya😂
Moto super phone king
Nice experience using moto
Moto g85 ❤ purchased by yesterday
1 day ago i have owned this 200% value for money. No any other brands will not offer like moto given specs in this budget range
That is disgraceful. You would of thought MOTO would of fixed that by now
Why bro you have some issues with moto but people like moto because they what they get
You are using this same picture in every moto bad review.. 😂
P.S. The sound on moto e 50 F is awesome! almost iphone-level! due to dolby... but not as loud as.
Even my moms 7000rs moto doesn't lag in day to day use😂😂
You never used a moto phonr😂😂
Moto Lover,
When will moto 50 price will go as down the price .. still waiting currently 23 k ... any one have idea
Moto is the best phone ❤❤
Moto moto moto hello moto ❤🎉🎉🎉
My moto g51 just suddenly died after 2.5yrs.
why is no youtuber demoing the full functionality of moto connect / ready for with windows ... such an underrated functionality
Don't buy Moto! It's an Israeli company.
I hope the  moto will come with SD 7+ gen 3.
You know what, Moto phones will look elegant and perform great in YouTube videos...
oh yeah colab with moto without disclosing very nice sponserwiser
Hello Moto..😍😍
Bring last year moto phones and check their speed they'll drop like crazy slow
When will moto 50 price will go as down the price .. still waiting currently 23 k ... any one have idea
I still have my7-8year old one Lenovo and Moto phone
Review about Moto phones
This dude is a moto hater i think 😅
Winner moto always ❤
