No more Motorola phone!!!
"Motorola service center" visits are HELLA EXPENSIVE
it's either motorola's own website or Flipkart.
And motorola sells its official unit either on their own website or on flipkart
But firstly I don't believe on amazon seller because motorola don't tie up with amazon
Lost some "Motorola" features and shortcuts but was worth it.
Really feels like they're trying to shove this stuff down our throat to make your phone worse so you have to buy another. I've recommended motorola for the last 10-12 years, but never again. This user experience is about as good as malware, with that same "we only need to get lucky once" implied threat.
Your points are valid but it seems they have more to do with Hello UX from Motorola.
Check official Motorola site here, the price is updated regularly. There may be some small difference and the price quoted at the official store is final.
You can try online through motorola website to see official stores near you or call them up and ask. Like this i repaired my phone here
I'm organizing a massive protest against Motorola. Enough of them mocking us when all we do is give them our money.
U shouldn't buy Motorola
Just one example among thousands: https://www.reddit.com/r/motorola/s/aVFoUfa6vR
Damn, I'm getting scared by the number of defects in these Motorola devices.
I will never buy any Motorola or Lenovo device again.
Can't speak to ordering directly from their website but my experience of recent Motorola phones is very good.
I've not had luck with whatever flagship of the year they had, the last I owned was the Z series.  I've used their flagships maybe 10 years, continuously, upgrading from one to another, and always problems enough that I was about to switch to another brand.
Considering value Motorola does disappoint, recommend...
Motorolas have a lot of bang for their buck.
motorola has been going downhill since the global test for ricardo.
In Brazil, Motorola became synonymous with an unreliable product, precisely for this reason.
As a former Motorola user
Fuck you motorola.
https://www.reddit.com/r/motorola/s/XhdPWCQH75
No, all Motorola phones won't have Bluetooth issues.
Hi u/SonarRonar, thank you for bringing this up. We understand how important it is to be safe from any scam, and we would like to look further into this. Could you tell us from which region you bought the phone and from what store you bought it? Did you receive any promotional emails from Motorola? Let us know so we can also verify this. -Carlos
Search on the Motorola website in your country for officially sold models and buy from those, unless you know what you are doing.
you can buy it off Motorola website  but whether or not it's available is another thing you need to look for the 6.5A  3.3ft   USBC to USBC able  I actually have the Motorola oem part number for it if you need.
When I went on the Motorola website it linked me to Amazon, this is where I bought it.
Is Sanwaria Texpro Pvt Ltd the authorised reseller of Motorola mobile phones?? Is it safe to order phones thru them??? Has anyone of the viewers ordered phones thru them and is satisfied with their service? Kindly respond. Thanks!
This guy looks like a sellout for some reason. I think he was paid off by Motorola.
Motorola anthutu score 🤡👎🏻👎🏻
My 1st phone in motorola this year end.
Is compass supported for Motorola
This is my secondary phone next to my s23ultra. I can say that for mid range phone motorola has improved alot.
DONT BUY MOTOROLA. AFTERSALES IS RIDICULOUS!
What's more, Motorola's after-sales service is catastrophic. Their ‘technicians’ wasted an incredible amount of time for nothing. I had to do an initial reset, then another more thorough reset with their RSA software/procedure, and now they're asking me to send my phone in for repair when the problem is solely due to a bad update between their internal software and Android 14...
In short, for me Motorola is finished. Bye bye.
Which is best company for buy mobile between mi and motorola
Motorola is pure love!
Motorola becoming best in business 🎉❤
I work at Lenovo for Moto division. Trust me Motorola is levelling up their strategies as nobody. Motorola in the coming years will be hitting the top 3 spots.
Please Don't Buy anything from Motorola. Pathetic customer service. Horrible delivery partner.
Don't buy Motorola phones
Motorola wale like me 😮😮
Motorola doing great job ❤😊
Plz don't buy Motorola mob. Phones
Which is best Samsung or Motorola
Motorola they designed first mobile phone 😊
don't buy motorola phones there service is not good single minor dot on frame body also they said your warranty gone within 2 months
Motorola is great 50 fashion
Motorola is Best now
motorola on a roll 🔥🔥🔥
Improvement needed by Motorola
Motorola phone future king 🗿🗿
*Some brand with whom we have nostalgic feelings...some did comeback with bang and some failed on the pursuit...Yes I'm talking about Motorola and Nokia!! Moto has been doing excellently good in the market since the launch of One Fusion+ launching one after one phones at competitive prices but here Nokia couldn't hold their feet!!!! And in these 3-4 years, I'm already using my second Moto... wish Nokia could also show some of their lost glories again!!!*
Horrible experience with call clarity , unexpected from Motorola when they can't serve a basic puspoe of a phone
"Motorola su@ks
Motorola is my fav brand 🔥🔥
Motorola is new Redmi xiomi
Does Motorola Phone has SECURITY, SPEED BOOST & CLEANER App as Default... As we see in REDMI Phones?
All is well but Motorola to work on IR blaster..
Truly Motorola mobile and smart tv awesome love motorola specially for price
Nest my phone Motorola
Motorola is new king of phone market price wise features wise everything is best.👏👍
Motorola partnership with Trakin Tech 👀
Brand ko Salam  well done motorola
motorola is first phone of my home
which perfume using Motorola in side the box, i love the perfume
World is no 1 motorola ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🙏🙏🙏🙏
Motorola ended the competition in this segment 🔥🔥🔥
Motorola is very value for money provided phone
Motorola great always 😊
Motorola is definitely going to be next XIAOMI
Motorola is doing something crazy work ❤😊
Is price main Samsung 100 time bettar than Motorola
Bombastic phone!!!!.... Dil khus ho gaya.. Thank you team TrakinTech for bringing such a great review🙏❤️❤️😍and Motorola you are outstanding!!! (standing ovation)👏🙏
What about Motorola after sale service, I heard it's very bad. Is it improve now??
Motorola BETTER THEN REDMI.
Motorola doing great
if consistency has a second name in smartphone world then obviously it is motorola 👏✅
Sir from where can I buy original Motorola cases as they are not available online on there site??
Motorola is come back ❤❤
good job motorola
Motorola fire hai boss ❤❤
Motorola service Bad experience for me... What about others?
Moto, HTC, and sony have always been my favourite brands, but sadly HTC and sony are almost done but I'm so happy to see Motorola's come back.
@Trakin Tech sir which phone is best for doing travel vlogging within 50 thousand..... I must say motorola is back once again with their phones
Motorola Wale like kre❤
Motorola l in the best phone under 23000 segment
Motorola is Best phone
I love Motorola phone ❤
Motorola doing really good phone 🤳 ❤
In the recent times Motorola improve a lot
Motorola is one of my fav Android
Come back of Motorola ❤
Motorolaa.... Is just the best 👍💯👍💯👍💯👍💯👍💯👍💯
Not sure this phone is superb value for money. I really impressed but Motorola gives UFS 2.2 And LPDDR4X Ram it's very bad
Motorola will definetly kill all mobile brands🔥
Motorola, Everything perfect performance 👍
Company is Motorola on fire ❤🤩💪
Motorola Going On Right Track But what about its Service
I was waiting for Samsung Galaxy M35 but Motorola attrack me
My question is, I want the Motorola company to launch 5G tablet in the market
Worst company ever.. many problems in Motorola phone. Not getting all notifications on time.. too much delay in notifications.. All Motorola users are getting the same problem. Motorola is not listening.. very poor service.. don't buy Motorola brand Phones..you will regret it
Motorola rocks!!!! But they could have focused a little bit on perfomance, at least the antutu score should have been around 7 lakh
Lenovo is working hard to make Motorola the best selling phone.
In the upcoming Year's Mark My word's MOTOROLA will Beat all the Other Highly Brand's Like REDMI AND REALME in INDIA' 💫🔥
Please let us know the durability of Motorola mobiles...
Motorola is a realme and redmi of today's time
Old Motorola ❤️❤️❤️
Motorola one of the best brand
First Motorola phone which will compete with xiaomi and realme good work 👍
*I think,, Motorola has become the 2nd most Consistent and reliable mobile brand after Samsung in India since past few years. Even I've purchased the Moto Edge 40 Neo 3 months ago and it's giving me phenomenal experience.*
I am using Motorola phone this company is making best phone in every budget ❤❤
Motorola on back to back fire 🔥🔥 destroying other mobile brands
i think motorola should also launch performance heavy phone like poco and iqoo
Now Motorola trending ❤ mobile 🎉
As Well if you provide Super Amoled Display in all the Phones, then Motorola will become the
Why govt employees not buying motorola.
1st Motorola 🥰
Fantastic Motorola 🔥🔥
Motorola should work on compact phone
motorola is doing very well and indian mobile users are attracted towards their phones and motorola can be number one mobile indian brand in future, The best thing is that From the remaining mobile brands, motorola is launching their phones at the right price for the Indian ordinance… 🤩👌
The comeback we hoped for Nokia....but get from Motorola...!! 🙇🏼‍♂️🔥
Nice Motorola smartphone
In future Motorola giving tough competition to Samsung and Apple for sure.
we have to appreciate  Motorola's UI and Price range
Motorola eage series my favourite series phone
after samsung motorola is best than others
Vote for Motorola ❤❤
If motorola also focus on gamers then it definitely in top 5👍
Why did you black out the Motorola photo?
Motorola an American product 💪🔝💖
I thought that was the LG velvet for a sec.
Motorola is winning interms of sales
Motorola the great 🌜🌛😘
Motorola is the clear winner, although it is an ant in comparison to the elephant.
C'mon.... This is not fair.... I'll always stand by Motorola
Motorola best phone for middle class family ❤❤.....
Motorola looks like shit 😂
Motorola me light hy😂 our Samsung S23 me low ha😢😊😊😊😊😊😊😊
Really who's buying this. I feel bad for Motorola
motorola any day.. ❤
Another competitor it's coming soon (MOTOROLA)
Me motorola and iphone lover forever ❤❤❤😊😊
Motorola is far better
Motorola is seriously good.
Motorola company is besT ❤
Respect button for the Motorola moto❤ High end specs mobile within the budget of middle class family's.
Yes guyss.. it's definitely worth for money.. if motorola sells cheap quality and bad performance mobiles, how can see a hike in market rate is increased to 107%? Cmon guys think wisely!
Boycott Motorola's brand
Motorola is the best smartphones😊😊😊😊😊😊❤🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
soon Motorola in my hands after 5 days 21 july ko
Mere pass motorola ❤
Motorola  best 😈😈😈😈🤟
Does this phone has magnetometer compass? I have a Motorola phone and it doesn't have compass. Using Google map is nightmare for me.
Never trusting your Motorola reviews again.
I love Motorola phone!
You forgot NFC. At this price point!!!
Motorola should improve their service center experience. Any issue with the phone it is going to be a terrible experience
Motorola is the only brand taking budget and midrange segments seriously..in india
Motorola supremacy >>>
I used Motorola phones from last 15 Plus yrs, Nice and sturdy phone to day to day use.
Overall good experience with Motorola.
Motorola is cooking fam
Also, for me another drawback is its ownership with Lenovo. The day Motorola becomes independent or has an Indian, US, European, Japanese or even a South Korean ownership, I will jump back to Motorola from Samsung or have both. Wish it becomes independent soon with all the Moto Glory back.
We always support to Motorola ❤❤❤
Motorola is always King 👑👑👑👑
IPhone best, capture all , motorola ignore
Back ground photo of motorola
Motorola ❤❤❤❤❤❤🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉😊😊😮😮😢 iPhone 🖕👊👊🥴🥴😏🤥🤥 😂😂😂😂😂😂😅😅😅😅😅😅
I like motorola product,but there is no servicing in mizoram
Hi Anubhav Roy, why does no one talk about how strong the body is? I usually buy Motorola because of its strong body and because I rarely take photos and play games.  I also used an iPhone for a strong body but I don't see that now too... Is there any alternative with a strong body to this?
Motorola have thinksheild security
